[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Goku and Vegeta made a daring
escape from Buu's body
with Gohan and the others!
But Buu wasn't
giving in just yet,
and the destroyer
of worlds underwent
yet another transformation!
He's... turning back!
[NARRATOR] Find out why Buu's
newest form has Supreme Kai
so terrified! Now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[ELDER KAI]
Buu's turning back?
Wh-What are you
talking about?
Get me up to speed, boy.
Right. Let me explain.
The story begins long ago,
at a time when Earth men
still grunted
and lived in caves.
The World of Kais,
however, was ruled by
the benevolent
Grand Supreme Kai,
and under him,
the Supreme Kai of the North.
The Supreme Kai of the West.
The Supreme Kai of the South.
[WEST SUPREME KAI laughing]
[SOUTH SUPREME KAI]
Hey, give it back!
[WEST SUPREME KAI]
You want it? You got it!
[SOUTH SUPREME KAI]
Oh! Oh crap!
[NORTH SUPREME KAI]
Ooh!
[KIBITO KAI] And last
but not least, there was me:
the Supreme Kai of the East.
All was well
in the World of the Kais,
until that evil wizard Bibidi
created Majin Buu!
[LIZARD SOLDIERS laughing]
[BIBIDI]
Yes, that's it, my child!
Buu, destroy them all!
[LIZARD SOLDIERS groan]
[KID BUU screaming]
[BIBIDI chuckles]
You made quite the mess here,
didn't you, Buu?
It's so lovely.
[KID BUU yelling]
No! No! Papparapa!
Watch it, dodo! Do you
have any idea how close
you came to blowing me
to smithereens?
[KID BUU grunts]
Uh. So. On to the next planet.
[KIBITO KAI] Unfortunately,
that next planet
turned out to be
the World of the Kais.
The Supreme Kais
of the North and West
scrambled to stop Buu,
but were both quickly killed.
[KID BUU laughing]
[WEST SUPREME KAI groans]
[BIBIDI] Wait, wait, wait!
You're a Supreme Kai?
You barely put up a fight
against Majin Buu!
[WEST SUPREME KAI yells]
--[KID BUU yells]
--[WEST SUPREME KAI screams]
[BIBIDI chuckles]
[BIBIDI]
Hey, get back here!
I didn't give you
permission to leave!
Unbelievable! This kid
does not listen to his elders.
[NORTH SUPREME KAI yells]
Huh?
[NORTH SUPREME KAI groans]
[laughing]
No! This has to be
some awful nightmare!
He killed two Supreme Kais!
[screams]
[grunts]
[KID BUU growls]
[yells]
[KID BUU chuckles]
-[KID BUU grunting]
-[SUPER BUU yelling]
[screams]
And so, the strongest
warrior among us,
the Supreme Kai of the South,
lost the battle and
was absorbed by Majin Buu.
That's why Buu was larger
in his last form,
because of South Supreme Kai?
Yes. I was the
youngest Supreme Kai
and least experienced fighter.
I owe my survival
back then all to one soul.
The Grand Supreme Kai
saved my life.
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[yelling]
[SUPER BUU yells]
[gasps]
[SUPREME KAI]
Grand Supreme Kai!
[bellows]
[SUPER BUU screaming]
[gasps]
[GRAND SUPREME KAI
yells, muffled]
No! Don't give up,
Grand Supreme Kai!
[SUPREME KAI] But there was
no helping my selfless mentor,
as Buu absorbed the plump and
powerful Grand Supreme Kai.
Buu Buu Buu!
No. What the--? What happened?!
Buu, is that still you?
Yep. Buu tummy hungry
from throwing around
bad people all day.
You go get Buu food now.
What? Food? Uuum...
There's an old ice cream cake
in my freezer back home.
Cake? Is it good?
Well, I guess. Haaa!
I mean yes!
Cake is actually the best
food in the whole universe!
Hm! You sure cake is best?
[BIBIDI] Oh yes.
That and all other desserts.
And I'll let you eat
as much as you want,
if you follow
every order I give.
Do we have a deal?
You bet!
[KIBITO KAI] The Majin Buu
Bibidi originally created
loved nothing more
than violence and chaos.
But upon absorbing the sweet,
gluttonous Grand Supreme Kai,
he became a slave
to childish appetites.
This was how Bibidi regained
control over his creation.
And it softened
his evil instincts.
But he's small again. So...
This was his original form
when he first fought the Kais?
The most dangerous
Buu form possible?
[KIBITO KAI] That's right.
The Kais gave him physical size,
but their minds--
their goodness--diluted him.
Now he's pure again.
He has no restraint,
no trace of conscience.
He is evil and
destruction incarnate.
Nooo!
Whoa. Close call.
He didn't look at us,
let alone give a warning.
He just tried to
blow up the earth.
Thank you, Vegeta.
What was he thinking?
He would've
blown himself up too!
[GOKU] Even if he's
blown into a million pieces,
Buu can always re-form.
Hey Buu! Why don't you
show a little honor
and finish your fight
with Kakarot and me
before you start the
planet-sized fireworks show!
[grunts]
[VEGETA laughs]
That's more like it.
[KID BUU laughs]
[GOKU] Oh, great!
Now, what's he doing?
Well, thanks for
calling him out, old buddy.
That ball is huge,
and it's got our names on it!
That looks huge.
Can we even deflect that?
Go! Now!
Get them off the planet!
They can still use
your Potara earrings!
Oh, good thinking. I'll do it!
[KID BUU grunting]
Buu! Stop! You still
owe us a fair fight!
A blast that big
will destroy the earth!
[KID BUU chuckles]
[gasps]
The others!
Let's get them out of here!
I'll use Instant Transmission!
[VEGETA]
Right!
[GOKU]
Hold on!
We can't outrun that blast!
[GOKU] It won't work!
I need more time to focus
to do Instant Transmission!
Hey, wait!
[ELDER KAI humming]
Mm?
[MR. SATAN, DENDE yell]
Yeah, you made it!
And just in time!
[GOKU grunts]
We might have made it
out in one piece, yeah.
But not with Earth,
and not with our sons!
[MR. SATAN] Hey. What happened?
Am I a ghost now?
[VEGETA grunts]
[GOKU grunts]
How could you do that, Kakarot?
What in the world
could possess you
to save these two goofballs
and some mutt
ahead of our own children?
I'm sorry.
[VEGETA grunts]
[KIBITO KAI]
The earth. It's really gone?
[ELDER KAI]
Buu's blast wiped it out.
Nothing left but dust.
Come on, the earth
hasn't been blown up!
[laughs]
You guys are smarter than that!
The earth's still
right under our feet. See?
You gotta get your
coconut checked, gramps!
[ELDER KAI grumbles]
Hey, you can't
talk to him like that.
Keep quiet and be respectful!
They're both Supreme Kais.
Or I think.
Supreme Kais?
What in the heck is...?
They just look like elves to me.
[DENDE] I told you I'm the
guardian of the earth, remember?
Well, above the guardians
there's King Kai.
And then his boss
is the Grand Kai.
Then overseeing the Grand Kai
are even greater beings.
Those two there. Highest of the
high, the Supreme Kais.
And he's right.
This isn't Earth. I think it's
the sacred sanctuary
on the World of the Kais.
What the--? Hmmm.
[MR. SATAN chuckles]
They are taking you for a ride!
If these Kai elves are as
high and mighty as you think,
how come they haven't stepped up
and handled Buu themselves?
[BOTH gasp]
[DENDE]
Well, it's, uh...
Well, he's sure not afraid to
say what's on his mind, is he?
And I know you said
you're some kinda
guardian space alien, but I'm
starting to doubt that, too.
[DENDE groans]
Oh. I know!
I finally got
to the bottom of it.
It's a dream! None of this
is real right now!
[laughs]
It's all one big, crazy dream!
That makes perfect sense.
I knew something didn't add up.
I mean, there's no way some
group of pointy-eared weirdoes
named "Supreme anything"
can be stronger than me.
You guys are all just
characters in my admittedly
brilliant and original
dreams, including Buu!
Ha ha, yup! Don't know why
I didn't see it before!
In fact, everything that's
happened to me since
the World Martial Arts
Tournament seems like
--it's been a dream.
--[DENDE] It's not--
[MR. SATAN] And if that's the
case, I'm gonna go flying
instead of gabbing
with you clowns!
No, don't!
[BEE barking]
Hey! Hey! Majin Buu!
You may have murdered
the earth, Videl,
and my billions of adoring fans,
but now I'm gonna
turn this bad dream
into a nightmare for you.
The World Champion Mr. Satan
will fly through space
and rip your pointy,
pink head off!
[DENDE]
Uh-uhhh...
[MR. SATAN hollering]
--[MR. SATAN yells]
--[BEE barking]
--[MR. SATAN screaming]
--[DENDE] Aaaah...
[thud]
[MR. SATAN groaning]
My body hurts.
[MR. SATAN]
It's supposed to be a dream.
Why's the pain so real?
That bumbling fool sure can
inject humor into a bad day.
[VEGETA] Kakarot!
Why would you pick up that idiot
instead of Piccolo
and our own sons
we worked so hard to
free inside Majin Buu?!
Does your own flesh
and blood mean nothing?
And now we have
no way to resurrect them,
or anyone else!
The Dragons Balls were our
last hope to set things right,
and they've been
destroyed with the earth!
No, wait!
There still are some!
Dragon Balls, I mean!
I can't believe I forgot!
All we have to do
is travel to Namek.
I'm sure that the new
Grand Elder has created
his own Dragon Balls
for my home world by now,
and we can use them
to bring the earth back!
It'll be just like we
planned to do with Shenron!
We'll wish all
the people back too!
Everyone Buu killed!
Yes! Of course!
[GOKU]
There's one problem.
Dende. Planet Namek is
a long way from this world.
No offense, but Namekian
energy is pretty weak,
and I need a strong
signal to focus on
for my Instant
Transmission to work.
Plus, we don't have
a spaceship now, either.
Then we've lost.
[VEGETA grunts]
Wait. I'm still not clear on
what these Dragon Balls are.
It seems I should've been
watching Namek more closely.
But if all you require
for this plan to work
is transportation from
this world to the lower realm,
then I can certainly
help you with that.
[DENDE]
Aah!
In fact, you just
saw it a moment ago.
Jumping from world to world
is one of Kibito's specialties!
[BOTH]
All right, we can do this!
So once we eliminate Buu,
we can put everything
back to normal!
[ELDER KAI]
Hold on, boys!
I know all about the Dragon
Balls, and you can't use them!
They bring chaos
to the natural order!
They were never meant to exist!
Fact is, they're a
breach of the rules.
We only allowed
the Namekians to make them
because they were
a disciplined people.
Eons ago, we even warned them
to only use the power
for themselves.
The Namekians had
no business letting
the Dragon Balls
affect other worlds,
let alone give the earth
its own set!
Oh, come on, grandpa,
don't be so by the book.
[whispers]
How about this:
If you withdraw your protest,
I'll take some sexy photos
of a certain lady for you?
I'll get in low and close
with the shot, too.
[VEGETA]
Hm?!
So... bribing me with boobies?
Ah, I knew you'd like that.
Now, she's not as young
as she once was,
but she keeps it
tight and right.
But isn't this lady
in Otherworld now?
'Cause I don't go for halos.
Which is why we need the
Dragon Balls to bring her
and the other
pretty ladies back!
Hey! Wait, Kakarot.
[GOKU]
Aah!
I don't suppose this attractive
woman you're promising him
would be Bulma, would it?
--[GOKU] Eee!
--You conniving weasel!
Don't use another man's
wife like that!
If you want to entice this
pervert with nasty photos,
then you should take them
of your own wife!
But Chichi's not in as
good of shape as Bulma,
that's why I picked her.
Plus, Chichi would
kill me for that.
[KIBITO KAI]
Guys! Come look at this!
[BOTH gasp]
[KIBITO KAI]
Buu's already re-forming!
He's more resilient than ever!
[ALL gasp]
[KID BUU laughing]
--Aw, crap.
--That didn't take long.
Yes. If only a fraction
of Majin Buu remains,
he'll still be able
to regenerate himself
to his full size and strength!
[KID BUU laughing]
Hm?
What is he up to now?
[ELDER KAI] He's jumped to
another inhabited planet,
several systems away.
[KIBITO KAI] Unbelievable.
Just from seeing it once,
he's mastered Kibito's
transportation technique!
[KID BUU yells]
[ALL gasp]
[GOKU]
What is he doing?
Seems he's jumping world
to world looking for you.
If he senses even
the slightest bit of energy,
he'll instantly leap
to that world and destroy it.
Entire worlds of people
who have nothing to do
with our fight, and he's wiping
them out just like that?
We're looking at
a Buu regressed to his
most hateful and violent form.
A being happy
to destroy trillions
and bring about
universal Armageddon.
[GOKU]
Damn it! Even if we defeat Buu,
even if we're allowed
to use the Dragon Balls,
it's gonna be hard enough
wishing back the earth.
Resurrecting all these other
planets could be impossible!
[KID BUU laughs]
[KRILLIN]
Yamcha, let's go!
[YAMCHA]
Bring it on!
[BOTH holler]
[KING KAI hollers]
M-M-Majin Buu!
[NARRATOR] Earth is gone!
And the other planets
are falling one by one!
Could this be the end
of the universe?
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Buu's attacks on any energy
he senses has led him
right to Grand Kai's world.
Now it's in danger
of being blown up, too!
[VEGETA] Kakarot! Raise your
energy along with mine!
That should lure Buu
away to this world!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Vegeta and Dad
want to take on Majin Buu
without fusing?